add Glue cookbook (#172)
spiceai/cookbook: catalogs/glue/README.md

# AWS Glue Catalog Connector

> The AWS Glue Catalog Connector allows Spice to query tables registered in your AWS Glue Data Catalog.
> 
> This cookbook demonstrates how to configure Spice to connect to AWS Glue and query datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Glue Catalog Connector enables Spice to query tables registered in an AWS Glue Data Catalog. It supports tables referencing S3 data in Iceberg, Hive-style Parquet, and CSV formats.

This guide demonstrates steps to configure Spice for integration with AWS Glue and query datasets.
```
